[ethereal music]
[Nakaumi] So this is heaven?
[Yazeli] You might
want to think of it
as a parallel dimension,
existing alongside
the human world.
[Ogaro] Time passes at a
slightly slower rate here
than in the world you came from.
[Nakaumi] I thought it
sounded awfully fishy
when I was told that
God could actually die.
At any rate, I'm
not feeling well.
The creature has
infested in my body.
And the fact is
I'm just a creature
wearing Shuji Nakaumi's skin.
An apple that tastes
like an orange
is merely an orange
wearing an apple's skin.
You sound so God-like, Nakaumi.
Don't say Nakaumi, call him God.
The creature's consciousness
is inside my head.
Will it encroach on my body
and my way of thinking too?
Two consciousnesses
exist within you
but Shuji Nakaumi's
consciousness will control God
from now on until
you ultimately merge.
Merge. How long will that take?
We do not know the
answer to that.
[triumphant music]
[water splashing]
We preserve all
humans as they appear
at the moment of their deaths.
[Nakaumi] Can you tell me why
it is necessary to do that?
[Ogaro] I cannot answer that.
We do not know anything
God does not know.
How can you not know?
[God] Because I created humans.
It is my responsibility to
preserve the end of their lives.
This tradition dates back
to the earliest days.
[Nakaumi] Who are you?
[God] The God that
entered your body?
[Nakaumi] God? The creature...
You're telling me it was the
creature that created humans.
That can't be right.
Humans created God.
[God] That may be correct, too.
I was created as well.
And once I was created,
I created the humans.
[Nakaumi] What are you
talking about, creature?
[God] You heard correctly.
I do not know what
created me either.
[Ogaro] God, is
something the matter?
No. I'm just a little tired.
Could you leave
me alone, please?
As you are attendant, I
shall will remain here.
The other angels may all leave.
[Nakaumi] If the
angels don't know
anything God doesn't know,
then I'll have to figure
it out for myself.
That way, at the very least,
I can tell Professor Yoneda
which came first, the
creature or the humans.
[Red Arrow chiming]
[Yoneda] Temari. Are you
watching for a reaction?
[Temari] I'm looking professor,
but I have to report:
Nothing's happening.
Since you don't confide in me,
I don't have the slightest idea
what it is you're researching.
[Yoneda] You may not see it
but I can assure you
it's what you wanted.
[Temari] Excuse
me? What I wanted?
Love?
[Yoneda] Exactly.
[Temari] I'm right?
[Yoneda] Yes. I have
to say I'm surprised,
considering your obsession
with material things,
I thought greed
would be your focus.
It's true when I was poor,
all I could think about
was how to get a lot
of brand name products.
But now that I have
a good paying job,
everything's different. These
days building up the balance
in my savings account
is what makes me happy.
[Yoneda] Hmm.
That's not unusual,
considering human psychology.
As the world has
had its memory wiped
of the God selection process,
and things have returned
to how they once were,
I think it was very considerate
of Nakaumi to let me
keep my Red Arrow.
Since he was willing
to leave it behind,
I have no choice,
but to analyze it.
Could I ask you something?
[Temari] Sure.
Do you have any memory
of the time between
leaving your old job and
coming to work with me?
--Nope.
--[whimsical music]
You should undergo a full
examination at some point.
But I'm not experiencing
any problems, so why?
There's no guarantee you
don't have brain
damage or a tumor.
If you wait too long to
discover such a thing
it'll be too late to treat.
Well, when you
put it that way...
Under the circumstances,
I should examine every
last inch of you.
Wait a minute!
You're not entertaining dirty
thoughts are you, professor?
Of course not! What
do you take me for?
What I have in mind is
making you my Guinea pig.
Otherwise I have no
interest to interact
with another person's body.
Professor?
Why do I have these sensors
stuck on every part of my body?
I thought you were just
examining my brain?
Let's begin Naoi.
[Naoi] Yes, sir.
[Red Arrow humming]
[gasps] Huh? Her heart
rate suddenly increased.
What's going on with
her hormone output?
[Yoneda] All of
her levels exceed
the range of standard values.
This proves she's in love.
It must be because I used
my Red Arrow on her,
and I still don't
know how it works.
This is serious. According
to my calculations
you need to be hospitalized
for 33 days, young lady.
What? No! No way.
I wanna stay right here in
the lab with you, professor.
It'll be right.
I'll come by and
visit you every day.
You mean it? You promise?
Of course I do.
I promise to observe
you and gather data.
[male student] Hey Mirai,
I hear you got a job.
[Mirai] Yep.
[male student]
Where you working?
[Mirai] At a flower shop.
What made you pick that?
[Saki] We've decided to
run a flower shop together
in the future.
[Both] Wha--?
[Saki] A flower shop that
sells four-leaf clovers.
Does that mean you two
plan to like you married
or something?
[Saki] Mhm.
Are you serious? I'm just
finding out you two are dating
and here you are
ready to tie the knot!
I wanted to be true to myself,
and work to toward my
goals while I was at it.
Oh... I can tell you're
really serious about this.
I'm envious, I hope I can
find true love one day.
Hey Maiko, you want to go out?
Ew! Why would I date you?
Well, we're not seeing anyone--
[Maiko] We're not compatible!
[male student] It was
just a suggestion.
No scar. I'm grateful for that.
Thank God. It just went away.
[Yoneda] Congratulations
on being discharged Temari.
[Temari] Thanks. I feel
like I've just gotten over
a bout of love sickness.
You seem to be back to normal.
Unfortunately I failed
to find out anything
that would tell me how
those Red Arrows work.
[bird cawing]
Nakaumi.
Send Meyza in next.
[Father] We appreciate
the fact that you're here,
but you really didn't
need to come see us.
We already knew.
Yes, that's right. We were
so sure of your intentions.
We almost jumped the gun and
proposed the marriage ourselves
[Mirai] Really? Well.
There was no need for that.
I'm sure that your parents
are happy about this union,
looking down on it from heaven.
Right.
[Saki] Okay.
I believe that gets the
formalities out of the way.
[Father] It looks
to us like the rest
is up to you youngsters, huh?
[Saki] Guess so.
I told you not to wear a
suit. It was a huge tip off.
[Mirai] I wanted to wear it.
[Saki] Let's stop by the
market and pick up some things.
I'll make us dinner.
[Mirai] Saki, aren't you tired?
[Saki] I wanna make dinner.
[Mirai sighs]
[woman on television]
The question is,
what makes you happy?
[man on television] For me?
Happy is staying healthy
and going to work every day.
Happiness is becoming rich.
You dummy don't you know that
money can't buy happiness?
What kind of question is that?
Eating tasty food, obviously.
What makes me happy?
I'll tell you I've
thought about it a lot
but I really don't
have a good answer.
[Man] When I'm with my family.
[Woman] Loving someone
and being loved in return.
[Saki] Here you go.
So what makes you happy?
You know that's bad
chopstick etiquette.
Oh, come on, answer
the question.
Seriously?
Yes.
Hmm. The meaning
of life, I guess.
Happiness is the
meaning of life?
I'm not sure I
understand your logic.
I think everyone
wonders at some point
why they're were born,
or more importantly,
what they're living for.
I don't claim to have of
the answer for anybody,
but I think the
reason we're born,
is to find happiness.
My earliest memories of my
mother explaining that to me.
And I don't think I've ever
changed my mind about it.
Of course, part of
the process involves
trying to make those
around me happy as well,
not just myself.
[Saki] Wouldn't it be nice
if the people around you
automatically became happy
whenever you were happy?
[Mirai] Yeah.
So what about you, Saki?
What makes you happy?
God's protection.
What? You mean that?
[Saki] At the end of the process
we could have ended up
in a pretty bad place.
Instead we witnessed
Nakaumi ascend to heaven.
If we hadn't been
saved by the angels,
we wouldn't be happy right now.
[Mirai] I guess you're right.
[Saki] And because of that,
I pray to God every single day.
I pray to God for peace on earth
so that everyone has
a chance at happiness.
Maybe I'll start doing that too.
[Saki] Alrighty. Last question.
[Mirai] There's more?
Of course, I haven't asked you
the most important question yet.
Tell me Mirai Kakehashi, when
do you feel the happiest?
You just wanna make me say it.
It sounds like you figured
it out, so tell me,
is it when you're eating
a delicious meal cooked
by your fiance?
Okay. I'll be serious.
As long as I can
get a little sappy.
Um, go on.
[Mirai] You know what
makes me feel the happiest?
When I see you smiling, Saki.
[Saki] Mirai...
Can I stay over tonight?
[Mirai] Nope. Not allowed.
We only met with
your parents today.
[Saki] Why not?
Isn't it okay now that
we've talked to them?
I'll give 'em a call, I'm
sure they'll be fine with it.
[Mirai] Absolutely not.
That just leaves Nasse.
Yes.
[Nakaumi] Before we talk,
I wanna ask you something.
[God] What is it?
[Nakaumi] During
this election process
I heard Nasse was an
exceptional angel.
The only one capable
of touching humans,
and the one who had a major
impact on the encounters.
Tell me why this special-rank
angel is so exceptional.
Who exactly is Nasse?
[God] When I descended to earth,
before any life should
have existed on it,
I found a tiny life form
there. That presence was Nasse.
I do not know what kind
of life form it was,
whether a microorganism
or bacteria,
but regardless Nasse
entered my body.
I removed this intruder
as quickly as I could.
If Nasse ended up possessing
some tiny fraction of my cells
due to this encounter,
I hoped it would compel
this life form to act
in God's interest.
But alas, it would seem
Nasse understood nothing.
[bell tolling]
[hopeful music]
[Mirai] I swear
love and support you
from this day forward,
for better or worse,
in sickness and in health,
for richer or poorer,
till death do us part.
[Saki] As do I.
I'm so happy, I could
die at this very moment.
Yeah. Me too.
[gasps]
She said she could
die this very moment.
That's just a sign
of how happy she is.
In that case. It's finally
over. I'm satisfied.
Huh?
Nasse, what do you
mean it's finally over?
[Ogaro] God is calling
for you, Nasse.
What for?
He apparently has a question
for special-rank angels.
Huh?
You're asking what I was
before I became an angel?
It's a mystery.
But now that I am an angel,
I listen to Saki
pray to you every day
to protect the world and help
everyone find their happiness.
Mirai said he might
start doing that as well.
Lately, my lord,
it seems as though
you have something on your mind.
All the angels are beside
themselves with worry.
We're concerned that you might
be feeling so down right now,
you might not want
to be God anymore.
[Ogaro] Nasse.
[Nasse] Oh, sorry.
We all wish you
the best of luck.
Are the angels telling
me to focus my attention
on the human world and
act more like a God?
You do not need to pay
any he to what Nasse says.
[Nakaumi] After all this,
I can't believe
the God candidates
still worship Shuji Nakaumi
as their Lord and master.
Okay Saki. I'm
gonna take off now
and make our stores
very first delivery.
Great. Be careful out there.
[Nakaumi] How much time has
passed in the human world?
[Ogaro] It has been
six years and one day
since Shuji Nakaumi became God.
[Nakaumi] Six years. I was
told time passed more quickly
in the human world,
but that is...
[Yoneda] I've
developed the ability
to keep it suspended in space.
--But still--
--[Temari] Sir?
There's a delivery
that came for you
and it's huge and heavy.
I think it's from
your married friends.
Married friends?
[Temari] I wonder what it is?
I guess we won't know
until we open it.
Oh, wow!
These flowers are beautiful!
There's an enclosure card.
So you have got
friends after all!
I was beginning to wonder.
When did you meet them?
Well, what kind of relationship
do you have with the Kakehashis?
[Yoneda] I don't
have any friends.
If an association must
be made between us,
I'd say we were fellow soldiers.
I had no idea you'd ever
served. In what war?
What a bother.
Now I'm forced to somehow
return the gesture.
And this is why I dislike
associating with people.
It cost me valuable
time in my research.
Did I just see you smile?
No, I haven't smiled in years.
[Nakaumi] I see. So
Nasse say was right.
What about the others?
[Foreman] Nakaumi! Break time!
Right!
[Yumiki] Reporting.
You called from me,
assistant commissioner?
Yes. Do you have an update?
This section is confusing to me.
Which part? Oh yeah, that.
I don't understand
what it means either.
Thanks. You're a big help.
[Nakaumi] I'm glad
everyone seems happy,
but it's distraction.
I should be looking at
people who want to die.
[echoing popping]
[somber ethereal music]
How many humans are committing
suicide at this very moment?
Even without my assistance,
people who truly want
to die keep dying.
I was like the
frog and the well.
Shuji Nakaumi was only looking
at the handful of
people around him
who said they wanted to die.
Looking at the
entirety of the world
makes me wanna save humanity.
I see the disparities
of the world I created.
What is this place?
Some people live
in towers so tall
they look down on the clouds,
while others sit on the
ground as they starve,
because they have no homes.
Some people eat
whatever they please
then throw away the leftovers.
Some people don't even have a
single cup of water to drink.
Some people control the weak.
Some people have their
lives taken by others.
And alongside it all,
there are the millions of
people who pray to God.
This is the world
I've inherited?
What was the previous God doing?
[God] Watching.
God's responsibility is
to create life on Earth.
Life multiplies, even
without intervention,
so there is no need
to do anything.
[Nakaumi] No need
to do anything?
So you just stand by
and let the humans
handle the challenge?
Is that the right choice?
If so, there is
no need for a God.
No, this God is a false
God to begin with.
It's in the professor's book.
God is imaginary and
has no physical form.
So there's no way of
knowing if he dies.
As long as people believe
in God, He will not die.
It's not as though
Shuji Nakaumi became God
because he wanted to.
He was just a middle school
student who wanted to die.
My death would cause
problems for heaven,
but it would alert
the professor.
The Red Arrow I allowed
him to keep would vanish.
That would tell him
the creature is gone.
[Ogaro] Are you all right?
I'm fine.
But I've learned
something important.
I must quickly find a way
to tell the professor.
I need you to gather
the first-rank angels.
[Ogaro] There are
thousands of them.
[Nakaumi] Then gather
the angels chosen
for the God selection process
except for Muni,
Meyza, and Nasse.
[Ogaro] Very well.
Penema. Baret. Revel.
[Nakaumi] Now there's no one
around to try and stop me.
[ominous ethereal music]
[God] Do not do
this. It is wrong.
[Revel] No way...
[Penema] What the- Hey, Revel?
[Baret gasps]
[screaming]
[Ogaro] The angels are
vanishing. What's happening?
Wait a minute.
[foreboding humming]
Oh no...
The moment I turned
my back on him.
God killed Himself!
This never would've happened
if he had merged completely
with the old God!
I tried to keep a
close eye on him,
but Shuji Nakaumi's
will was strong enough
to delay their fusion.
I can't believe it...
Heaven is done for.
[Ogaro bellowing]
Congrats Muni, you've
successfully destroyed heaven.
Yes.
Guess I'm gonna vanish
too, no way around it.
Bye-bye.
[Yoneda] The Red Arrow.
It vanished!
[Saki] Our flowers.
Huh?
[woman screams]
My baby!
She was right here a minute
ago! Has anyone seen her?
Huh? Mari-
[Man] Those girls
just disappeared.
Both of them!
[somber ethereal music]
[Temari] This is impossible.
All life forms on the
planet are vanishing
starting with the youngest!
[Yoneda] The Red Arrow vanished.
The angels are gone as well.
Could this be a
message from Nakaumi?
Don't be afraid.
Ogaro said God has always had
the power to end humanity.
Does... does that
mean we're already...?
Probably, since that's
what Nakaumi chose to do.
Saki.
Yes, Mirai?
Death comes to everyone.
It's just sooner
than we thought.
If Nasse and Revel hadn't
been there to save us,
we would've perished
a long time ago.
So I'm grateful.
Because they rescued us,
we were able to find
so much happiness.
[Saki] True.
[Mirai] And losing the
one I loved before I died
would've been
unbelievably painful.
If I get to die at the
same moment as you,
then I'm happy.
[Saki] Me too.
[tense ethereal music]
[Mirai] Thank you,
Nasse.
[Yoneda] There was
an entity in heaven
who could create and
destroy all life on earth.
That was God.
That must be what
Nakaumi is telling me.
The question is,
was my theory wrong?
No, I'm right.
I'm sure of it.
No matter what anyone says
God was created by
human imagination.
--[gasps]
--Profess--
[Yoneda] If the creature
can eradicate all life,
then heaven, the angels,
and the creature itself
are humanity destroying weapons.
The creature's goal in the end
must be to totally
wipe out our species.
It's far more realistic
to think of it that way.
The one mistake in my
theory is its organization.
No. Its energy.
Precisely! The science of it!
The science I had
yet to discover.
The identity of the creature.
[glasses shattering]
[dramatic ethereal chorus]
[closing theme song]